In this lesson, you will learn how to initialize mock objects with Mikita and how to inject mock objects
as dependencies to our class under test.
Now, before we can use Mikita in our test class, we will need to annotate our class with a special
annotation.
I will go to a user service test and above the class I will add one annotation.
It is called extent width and in the brackets will specify Makita extension class.
This will enable us use Mikita annotations in this class.
Now our use here is implementation.
Class expects a dependency which is a user repository.
Here we will use Blanket to mock the behavior of users repository.
But first we will need to create a more content.
And to do that, I will define a new instance variable, maybe next to user service.
And this will be users repository.
Like this because we want my kid to create a mock object that implements this interface.
Well, we'll need to annotate this instance fundable with mock annotation.
Okay.
So because we have annotated this member variable with more connotation, Marketo will automatically
create a mock object to implement this a user repository interface.
And now we can inject this user's repository object into our user service implementation object.
Now, in this code example, we create an instance of our service class manually, but we can also let
Mike to create a new instance of Sarah's class for us and inject the user's repository into this object
automatically for us.
And to do that, we will need to annotate user service property with another annotation that is called
Inject Mock.
We will also need to change data type of our user service from interface to a class that implements
this interface.
So instead of user service, we will need to change it to use the service implementation.
And this will make my key to create a new instance of users here, its implementation clause, and inject
an object of users repository into service class for us.
Okay.
So now I will scroll down and will delete this code where I create a new instance of user service cost
manually.
All right.
So we have created user repository mock object and we have configured Kita to inject it into our user
series object.
But we still need to mould the behavior of the safe method that is provided by users repository interface.
Let's do it in the following lesson.